# **BTC-ARIMA-Model**

## **Contributors** :black_nib:

:star: Ben McKinnon

## **Table Of Contents** :books:

* [General info](#general-info)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Data sources](#data-sources)
* [Use](#use)

## **General** :page_with_curl:

This repository holds the codebase to create a predictive time series model for Bitcoin/ other desired cryptocurrencies. 
## **Technologies** :computer: 

Project is created with:
  * Python 3.7.8
  * Pandas 1.3.1
  * Numpy 1.22.1
  * JSON 2.0.9
  * statsmodels 0.13.1
  * pmdarima 1.8.4
  * matplotlib 3.5.1

## **Data sources** :open_file_folder:
The data used in this repository is sourced from Coin Gecko. More details on their free public API as well as other products can be found here: https://www.coingecko.com/en/api

## Use :shipit:
1. Clone this repository
2. Execute crypto_price_get.py
3. Execute clean.py
4. Execute eda.py
5. Execute model.py

## Structure :microscope:
    ├── dat   		           <- Folder containing raw and clean folders.
        ├── raw		          <- Folder containing the raw origonal csv files.
        ├── clean    	     <- Folder containing the cleaned csv files generated by clean.py.
    ├── src    		          <- The folder containing scripts that get, clean and process data into forecasts.
        ├── crypto_price_get.py       <- The script that gets the crypto currency of choice data.
        ├── clean.py 	     <- The script that cleans the df in prepartion for eda.py by removing unneccesary rows.
        ├── eda.py  		     <- The script that performs transformations and looks for the optimal model.
        ├── model.py		<- The script that fits the model and prints a forecasted prediction.
    ├── .gitignore.txt     <- The file containing what files to ignore.
    └── README.md          <- The file providing an overview of the repository and codebase.

